Privacy Policy
Important Information
This Privacy Policy aims to give you information about how we collect and process your personal data when you use the website or app this Privacy Policy is linked to. This Privacy Policy covers any personal data you provide when you create an account, or otherwise interact with us, you have agreed to the collection and processing of your personal data as prescribed by the terms of this Privacy Policy.
We are committed to safeguarding the privacy and security of your personal data. We take our responsibilities under Singapore’s Personal Data Protection Act (the “PDPA”) seriously. We also recognize the importance of the personal data you have entrusted to us and believe that it is our responsibility to responsibly manage, protect and process your personal data.
We want to make sure you know who we are, how you can contact us, the personal data we process, how we use it, who we share it with, how long we keep it for and the choices you have to exercise your legal rights.
It is important that you read this Privacy Policy together with any other privacy policy we may provide when we collect or process your personal data so that you are fully aware of how and why we are using your data.
This Privacy Policy covers the following topics:
Important information
Who we are?
What personal data is collected?
The purposes for which we collect, use, or disclose your personal data
Provision of third-party personal data by you
Third-Party Websites
Social Network
Geo-Location Services
Web analytics by Google Analytics
Retargeting Technologies
Security & how do we store data?
Your Rights
Complaints
Governing Law
General
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Who we are?
We own and/or operate website(s) such as http://5R-Logistics.com/ and/or any mobile apps that may be published by us (the said website and mobile apps may be collectively or individually referred to as the “Website”).5R Logistics Pte Ltd is a company registered in Singapore (Co. Rgn. No. 202036102W) with a registered office at No. 15 Fan Yoong Road, Singapore 629792.
When we mention “5R Logistics”, “we”, “us” or “our” in this Privacy Policy, we are referring to 5R Logistics Pte Ltd.
For the purposes of data protection legislation, we are the data controller of your personal data.
What personal data is collected?

“Personal data” is defined under the PDPA to mean data, whether true or not, about an individual who can be identified from that data, or from that data and other information to which an organization has or is likely to have access.
When you use our Website, any service we provide or in your interaction with us, the personal data we may collect include but is not limited to:-
(a) Data collected directly from you. This may be done through our Website, over the phone, by email, or in person when you meet our staff or representatives. The personal data collected may include, but is not limited to:
your contact information, including your (first and last) name, (billing and/or delivery) address, birthdate and email address and/or your telephone number. We need your e-mail address and/or telephone number so that we may contact you if we have questions or information for you regarding your order or the service that we are providing or will provide to you;
other information required to be able to process your order or to provide you with the service, such as information concerning the products you have ordered or the service we are providing to you, the billing and/or delivery address, banking and/or credit/debit card details;
if you have created an online profile or account, the preferences and interests stored in such profile or account (please see below for further information concerning the profiles); and/or
if you have contacted customer service, the details of this contact and the contact history.
(b) Data collected by automated means. Various technologies may be used on our Website and our mobile and web-based applications in order to make them more user-friendly, effective and secure. Such technologies may lead to data being collected automatically by us or by third parties on behalf of us. This data does not always, but may, contain a user's personal data or comprise of personal data. Examples of such technologies include:
Click-stream data. A visit to one of our Websites results in data that is transmitted from your browser to our server being automatically collected and stored by us or by third parties on behalf of us. This data can include, in particular, the following:
the visitor's IP address
the date and time of the visit
the referral URL (the site from which the visitor has come)
the pages visited on our website
information about the browser used (browser type and version, operating system, etc.).
Cookies. Several places on our Website and our mobile and web-based applications make use of cookies. These are essentially small text files that are stored on your computer's hard drive or your user device by your web browser. We can use cookies to identify the owner of a user account and to store articles in a shopping basket during the purchasing process. In other words, cookies help to make our website or our (mobile and web-based) applications more user-friendly, more effective and more secure. The cookies usually used by us are so-called "session cookies", which are automatically deleted at the end of the visit to the relevant website. By default, web browsers enable the use of cookies but this function can also be disabled. However, this will result in some services not being available. It is also possible to manually delete cookies after their use via the web browser. More information may be available from your web browser provider.
Flash cookies. A particular form of cookie is the flash cookie. In contrast to normal cookies, these cookies are not created and saved by the web browser but are governed by the Adobe Flash plug-in. These can contain more information than normal cookies and cannot be deleted or disabled via the browser; this is only possible if you follow instructions available from the Adobe Flash Player website. You can also obtain more information about these cookies on that website.
Web beacons and tracking links. Web beacons (also known as pixel tags and clear GIFs) involve graphics that are not apparent to the user. Tracking links and/or similar technologies consist of a few lines of programming code and can be embedded in our website or our (mobile) applications. In conjunction with cookies, these are primarily used for statistical analysis purposes. This technology can also be used for tracking traffic patterns on websites, as well as finding out if an e-mail has been received and opened and to see if there has been any response.
Web analytics. Web analytics is the term given to a method for collecting and assessing the behavior of visitors to websites and (mobile) applications. This includes the analysis of traffic patterns in order, for example, to determine the frequency of visits to certain parts of a website or (mobile) application, or to find out what information and services our visitors are most interested in. For these purposes, we primarily make use of click-stream data and the other techniques listed above. Web analytics are carried out by Google Analytics and/or other selected parties. You can find out more information about the processing of web analytics data by Google Analytics in paragraph 9 below.

Hence, depending on the circumstances or the nature of the transaction with you, the personal data we may collect from you includes:
name
home address
age
gender
birthdate
identification number (such as national ID, passport details etc.) (collection of this will be in compliance with the PDPA and depends on the circumstances or transaction at hand)
image and/or photograph
credit/debit card information
location Information of yourself and/or your computer or device
contact Information
transactional information
usage and preferences
bank account number
your purchase and/or your transactions with us
your signature (such as when you sign off on a parcel delivery)

We will collect your personal data in accordance with the PDPA.

We may receive information about you from third parties such as if you use any websites or social media platforms operated by third parties (for example, Facebook, Instagram, Twitter etc.) and, if such functionality is available, you have chosen to link your profile on our Website with your profile on those other websites or social media platforms.
The purposes for which we collect, use, or disclose your personal data
5R Logistics, will/may collect, use, disclose and/or process your personal data for one or more of the following purposes:
(a) processing and/or dealing with your interest in our products and/or services;
(b) considering, processing, dealing with and/or managing, your booking, reservation, request/application for, of or your purchase of, our products and/or services (the “Transaction”);
(c) facilitating, processing, dealing with, administering and/or managing Transaction(s) by or with you;
(d) administering, facilitating, managing, processing and/or dealing with your relationship with us, your transaction(s) with us, your being our loyalty card member or rewards member, any transactions or activities carried out by you on the Website or at our premises/establishments or with us, your requests, including but not limited to dealing with your adhoc queries, requests or bookings, dealing with your preferences, dealing with your membership needs, dealing with your delivery needs, processing orders and payment transactions, implementing transactions and the supply of products and/or services to you that you have requested. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, should you make a reservation or transaction that includes third party individual(s) or on behalf of third party individual(s) or for third party individual(s), you consent to us disclosing personal data that identifies you, to the said third party individual(s) (such as but not limited to your name);
(e) administering, facilitating, processing and/or dealing in any matters relating to your use or access of the Website, including identifying you for login to the Website, our portals and other online services provided by or on behalf of us. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, if you:
(i) gain access to or sign in to the Website, using your login credentials of a Social Networking Site, or;  (ii) use any features of a Social Networking Site such as its widgets, plug-ins and browser push notifications, made available to you on our Website, it may result in information or your personal data being collected or shared between us and the third party. For example, if you use Facebook’s “Like” feature, Facebook may register the fact that you “liked” a product and may post that information on Facebook. (“Social Networking Site” refers to an online or digital platform owned or operated by a third party, that is used by people to build social networks or social relations, or to interact, with other people, such as but not limited to Facebook, Instagram, Twitter). By your proceeding pursuant to (i) or (ii) above, you consent to such collection, use or disclosure of your personal data;

(f) monitoring, processing and/or tracking your use of the Website in order to provide you with a seamless experience, facilitating or administering your use of the Website, and/or to assist us in improving your experience in using the Website;
(g) administering, facilitating, processing and/or dealing in any transactions, payments, debt collection, or activities carried out by you on the Website or at our premises or with us;
(h) providing services to you as our customer, as a member of our loyalty programme(s)/ card programme(s)/ rewards programme(s) or when requested by you; dealing with or administering your participation in contests, gamification, social events organized by us;
(i) registering you as a customer of any of our products or services, and/or to deal with, process and/or administer the account that you may open with us, whether a membership account or otherwise, including to facilitate your transactions or activities at our premises, the Website, or your transactions or activities with us;
(j) carrying out your instructions or responding to any enquiry or complaint given by (or purported to be given by) you or on your behalf including responding to your enquiries and complaints; or responding to or dealing with your interactions with us or your requests; or responding to or dealing with your feedback, comments or reviews. If you have contacted us with any complaints, feedback, comments, suggestions, we will use and disclose your personal data (including your contact history) to respond to you and provide you with the best service possible. If you are the complainant and you do not want us to disclose your identity to the party you are complaining about, you must let us know immediately. However, it may not always be possible to handle your complaint on the basis of anonymity;
(k) contacting you or communicating with you via phone/voice call, text message and/or fax message, email and/or postal mail for one or more of the Purposes stated herein. You acknowledge and agree that such communication by us could be by way of the mailing of correspondence, documents or notices to you, which could involve disclosure of certain personal data about you to bring about delivery of the same as well as on the external cover of envelopes/mail packages;
(l) sharing or disclosing (at our discretion) your suggestions, comments, feedback or content (including audio, video etc.) (collectively “Feedback”) that you provide through Social Networking Sites, to the Website or to us (including at our premises), with other users of the Website or with the public, for publicity and/or promotion purposes with a view to marketing or showcasing the business, products or services of 5R Logistics (and/or of any member of the 5R Logistics), and/or to acquiring customers, and/or for the purpose of providing the public with your Feedback which may be useful for the public’s patronage decision or for the public’s information or otherwise. This includes us disclosing your name together with your Feedback. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, in the above regard, your Feedback and name may/will be published or shared by us on public media platforms such as the newspaper, the Internet, in our (including our affiliates’) annual reports (if any) etc., and/or incorporated as part of 5R Logistics marketing collaterals/materials or corporate video to be disclosed to the public, and you hereby consent to the same. Do not provide us with Feedback if you do not wish for such Feedback to be disclosed to the public. If you wish to give us your Feedback without it being disclosed to the public, please separately contact our Customer Department at http://5r-logistics.com/#contact and head the subject of your feedback content with the word “Confidential”;

(m) understanding and/or managing your interests, concerns and preferences;
(n) carrying out due diligence, statutorily required activities or other screening activities (including background checks, anti-money laundering checks, know your client checks) in accordance with legal or regulatory obligations applicable to us, the requirements or guidelines of governmental authorities which we determine are applicable to us, and/or our risk management procedures that may be required by law (whether Singapore or other countries) or that may have been put in place by us;
(o) to prevent or investigate any fraud, unlawful activity or omission or misconduct, whether or not there is any suspicion of the aforementioned; dealing with conflict of interests; or dealing with and/or investigating complaints;
(p) complying with or as required by any applicable law, governmental or regulatory requirements of any jurisdiction applicable to us or our affiliates/associated companies, including meeting the requirements to make disclosure under the requirements of any law binding on us or our affiliates/associated companies, and/or for the purposes of any guidelines issued by regulatory or other authorities (whether of Singapore or other countries), with which we or our affiliates/associated companies are expected to comply;
(q) complying with or as required by any request or direction of any governmental authority (whether Singapore or other countries) which we are expected to comply with; or responding to requests for information from public agencies, ministries, statutory boards or other similar authorities. For the avoidance of doubt, this means that we may/will disclose your personal data to the aforementioned parties upon their request or direction;
(r) conducting research, (including customer research), surveys, market surveys, analysis and development activities (including but not limited to data analytics, and/or profiling), obtaining your feedback to our products, services or facilities, to :
(i) improve or develop our products, services and/or facilities in order to enhance any continued interaction between yourself and us connected or in relation to your relationship with us, the Website, or your Transaction(s);
(ii) improve any of our products or services or facilities, whether now or in the future; or
(iii) improve our understanding of your interests, concerns and preferences.
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, we may/will in this regard send you surveys or request a face to face interview survey or request your feedback, by way of email or postal mail.  In order for us to market products and services which are of special interest and relevance to you, we may analyze and rely on your overall interaction with us (such as but not limited to your shopping behavior in e-shops, your use of loyalty programmes, your ratings and reviews of products, your contact history with our customer service, your newsletter clicks/ opening results, your surfing behavior (web tracking), the newsletter types you are subscribed to, your participation in promotions or events, your interactions with us and your use of (mobile) applications);

(s) the conduct of training or training purpose, so as to develop or improve our products or services and/or our staff’s and agents’ services and/or service quality. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, such training may involve collection, use, disclosure or processing of your personal data including your feedback or comments or reviews;
(t) to facilitate and/or ensure the safety and security of our premises, our customers, our staff and/or visitors to our premises; to deal with, handle and/or conduct disciplinary, security, crime prevention and/or quality assurance processes, matters and/or arrangements. Without prejudice to the generality of the aforesaid, we wish to bring to your attention that there are surveillance cameras installed throughout our premises and/or our offices, for security, crime prevention, safety and training reasons and you acknowledge that your personal data will be collected by such cameras and processed by us consequently;
(u) for marketing purpose and in this regard, 5R Logistics would be providing you with marketing, advertising and promotional information, materials and/or documents relating to products, contests, services and/or events (including products, services and/or events of third party organizations with which 5R Logistics may collaborate with) that we or such third party organizations may be selling, marketing, offering, organizing, involved in or promoting, whether such products, services and/or events exist now or are created in the future, :
(i) by way of postal mail, electronic transmission to your email address(es), push notifications, other forms of in-app notifications or harnessing other technologies (such as geo-location technology) for our mobile application(s) on your mobile device(s) or other technologies on your computers, and/or through other modes of communication that is not the 3 DNC Modes in compliance with the PDPA. You may opt out of this or withdraw from this at any time by sending a request to our Data Protection Officer. For the avoidance of doubt, unlike (ii) below, the application of or your acceptance of or your consent to, this Privacy Policy, constitutes your consent to this subparagraph (i);
(ii) if you have separately expressly consented to one or more of the following 3 DNC Modes, by way of the 3 modes of communications of voice calls, text messages or faxes (the “3 DNC Modes”) to your Singapore telephone number, in compliance with the requirements of the PDPA; and/or
(iii) Notwithstanding (ii) above, regardless that you have not separately provided express consent as aforementioned in (ii) above, 5R Logistics, as the case may be, reserves its right to send a specified fax message (as defined in Singapore’s Personal Data Protection (Exemption from Section 43) Order 2013) (the “Exemption Order”) and/or a specified text message (as defined in the Exemption Order) (i.e. a marketing fax message or marketing text message) to your Singapore telephone number, if:
(1) there is an ongoing relationship between 5R Logistics, and you, and the purpose of the message is related to the subject of the ongoing relationship, pursuant to the requirements and conditions of the Exemption Order; or
(2) the law permits
For the avoidance of doubt, this subparagraph is without prejudice to subparagraph (r) above for which you have hereby consented to us contacting you for a survey, which you may subsequently opt out of by sending our Data Protection Officer notice;

(v) storing, hosting, backing up (whether for disaster recovery or otherwise) of your personal data, whether within or outside Singapore;
(w) maintaining and/or developing our IT or business systems and infrastructure including testing and upgrading of these systems;
(x) creating reports with respect to your Transaction(s) and/or transactions that we have with our customers;
(y) facilitating, dealing with and/or administering external audit(s) or internal audit(s) of the business of 5R Logistics, Transaction(s), and/or our transactions with our customers;
(z) anonymization of your personal data. In this regard, you acknowledge that personal data that has been anonymized is no longer personal data and the requirements of the PDPA would no longer apply to such anonymized data;
(aa) dealing with and/or facilitating a business asset transaction or a potential business asset transaction, where such transaction involves 5R Logistics as a participant or involves only a related corporation or affiliated company of 5R Logistics as a participant or involves 5R Logistics as participant(s), and there may be other third party organizations who are participants in such transaction. “business asset transaction” means the purchase, sale, lease, merger or amalgamation or any other acquisition, disposal or financing of an organization or a portion of an organization or of any of the business or assets of an organization;
(bb) record-keeping purposes and producing statistics and research for internal and/or statutory reporting and/or record-keeping requirements, of 5R Logistics or of its affiliates/related corporations;
(cc) 5R Logistics reporting purposes including but not limited to reporting on 5R Logistics’ business performance; and
(dd) to deal with the or as part of a bankruptcy, winding up, reorganization, restructuring, insolvency, receivership, or an assignment for the benefit of creditors, of 5R Logistics.
(the purposes set out in this paragraph 4.1 above shall be collectively referred to as the “Purposes”)

You may withdraw your consent for us to process your personal data for marketing purpose mentioned at paragraph 4.1(u) above at any time via one the following relevant methods:
clicking the Unsubscribe button located at the bottom of our emailers
contacting us or our Data Protection Officer through the contact details listed at paragraph 13.1

We may/will need to disclose your personal data to third parties, whether located within or outside Singapore, for one or more of the above Purposes, as such third parties, would be processing your personal data for one or more of the above Purposes. In this regard, you hereby acknowledge, agree and consent that we may/are permitted to disclose your personal data to such third parties (whether located within or outside Singapore) for one or more of the above Purposes and for the said third parties to subsequently collect, use, disclose and/or process your personal data for one or more of the above Purposes. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing or of paragraph 4.1, such third parties include:
(a) our associated or affiliated organizations or related corporations;
(b) any of our agents, contractors or third party service providers that process or will be processing your personal data on our behalf including but not limited to those which provide administrative or other services to us such as mailing houses, telecommunication companies, information technology companies, data centers, hosting and maintenance service providers, analysis services service providers, e-mail messaging services service providers, delivery service provider, handling of payment transactions service providers, marketing service providers, delivery services, handling of payment transactions and debt collection, solvency check and address check;
(c) our professional advisers, for example, our auditors and lawyers, as well as our insurers;
(d) third parties to whom disclosure by us is for one or more of the Purposes and such third parties would in turn be collecting and processing your personal data for one or more of the Purposes. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, such third parties to which we may/will disclose your personal data include payment, debt collection, finance companies or banks including credit card companies; and
(e) any actual or proposed assignee or transferee of the business of 5R Logistics, or a merged entity in the event 5R Logistics is merged to create the said merged entity.
Should you provide us with personal data of your child or children, you confirm, declare and agree that you are the parent and/or legal guardian of such child/children, and that we may collect, use and/or disclose your child’s or children’s personal data for the Purposes set out at paragraph 4.1 above and in the manner as set out at paragraphs 4.1 to 4.3 above.
You may withdraw your consent for the collection, use and/or disclosure of your personal data in our possession or under our control by contacting us at here. We will process your request within a reasonable time from such a request for withdrawal of consent being made, and will thereafter not collect, use and/or disclose your personal data in the manner stated in your request, unless an exception under the law or a provision in the law permits us to. However, your withdrawal of consent could result in certain legal consequences arising from such withdrawal, including us being unable to perform the transactions requested by you or the termination of your relationship with us (depending on the extent of your withdrawal), as the case may be.
We may collect, use, disclose or process your personal data for other purposes that do not appear above. However, we will notify you of such other purposes at or before the time of obtaining your consent, unless processing of your personal data without your consent is permitted by the PDPA or by law.
To the extent permitted by law, we may/will also be collecting from sources other than yourself, personal data about you, for one or more of the above Purposes, and thereafter using, disclosing and/or processing such personal data for one or more of the above Purposes. We may combine information we receive from other sources with information you give to us and information we collect about you. We may use this information and the combined information for the Purposes set out above (depending on the types of information we receive).
Our Website may have the functionalities to allow you to share your personal data with other third parties such as other users of our website. You are responsible for your choice(s) and are deemed to have provided consent for any sharing of your personal data in the manner provided by the Website.
We take reasonable steps to ensure that any personal data we collect, disclose and use is accurate and complete, if your personal data is likely to be used by us to make a decision that affects you, or disclosed to another organization. However, it is important that you advise us of any changes to your personal data or if there are any errors in the personal data we hold about you. We will not be responsible for relying on inaccurate or incomplete personal data arising from you not updating us of any changes in your personal data that you had initially provided us with.
Provision of third-party personal data by you
Should you provide us with personal data of any individual other than yourself, you represent, undertake and warrant to us that;

(a) for any personal data of individuals that you disclose to us, you would have prior to disclosing such personal data to us obtained consent from the individuals whose personal data are being disclosed, to:
(i) permit you to disclose the individuals’ personal data to 5R Logistics for the Purposes; and
(ii) permit 5R Logistics to collect, use, disclose and/or process the individuals’ personal data for the Purposes;
(b) at our request, you will use such form(s) or document(s) provided by us in obtaining such consents from the individuals in question (for the avoidance of doubt, we are under no obligation to you to create any such form(s) or document(s));
(c) any personal data of individuals that you disclose to us are accurate; and
(d) for any personal data of individuals that you disclose to us, that you are validly acting on behalf of such individuals and that you have the authority of such individuals to provide their personal data to 5R Logistics and for 5R Logistics to collect, use, disclose and process such personal data for the Purposes.
Third-Party websites
This Policy only applies to our Website and information that we collect from you. Our Websites may contain links to other websites which are not owned or maintained by us. When visiting these third party websites or disclosing your personal data to third parties (including buyers or sellers on our website), you should read their privacy policies, or ask relevant questions before you disclose your personal data. We are not responsible for the collection, use or disclosure of your personal data by such third parties.
Social Networks
Our Website and mobile or web-based applications may provide you with social plug-ins from various social networks (such as Facebook and Twitter). If you choose to interact with a social network, your activity on our Website or via our mobile or web-based applications will also be made available to social networks such as Facebook and Twitter.
If you are logged in on one of the social networks during the visit of one of our Websites or mobile or web-based applications, the social network might add this information to your profile. If you are interacting with one of the social plug-ins, this information will be transferred to the social network. In case you do not wish such a data transfer, please log off on your social network before you enter one of our Websites or mobile or web-based applications.
We cannot influence this data collection and data transfer via the social plug-ins. Please read the privacy policies of those social networks for detailed information about the collection and transfer of personal data, what rights you have and how you can achieve satisfactory privacy settings.
Geo-location Services
Our Website and mobile or web-based applications may offer location-enabled services, such as Google Maps and Bing Maps. If you use those mobile or web-based applications, they may receive information about your actual location (such as GPS signals sent by a mobile device) or information that can be used to approximate a location. You will/may be asked if the geo-location service can be activated and you can also object to this geo-location service within the respective mobile or web-based application.
9. Web analytics by Google Analytics
Our Website and mobile or web-based applications may contain web analytic services provided by Google Analytics. This means that when you visit our Website or use any mobile or web-based applications, a cookie will be stored on your computer or mobile device, except when your browser settings do not allow for such cookies.

This further means that when you visit our Website or use any mobile or web-based applications, the personal data described above in paragraph 3.1 - including the "click-stream data", the data from "web beacons and tracking links" and information stored in Google Analytics' cookies will be sent to Google Analytics for analysis for and on behalf of us. Please note that if you have created an online profile at our Website or mobile or web-based application and if you are logged on in this profile, a unique number identifying this profile will also be sent to Google Analytics in order to be able to match the web analytics data to this profile.

Google Analytics acts as our agent, which means that we solely determine the purposes for which the data is being used. You can find out more about the relationships between Google Analytics and us in the Google Analytics' privacy policy.

If you do not wish information about your behavior at our Website or any mobile or web-based applications being collected and assessed by Google Analytics, you can install the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on. This add-on instructs the Google Analytics JavaScript (ga.js, analytics.js, and dc.js) to not send your site visit information to Google Analytics. The browser add-on is available for most modern browsers. The Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on does not prevent information from being sent to the website itself or in other ways to web analytics services.
10. Retargeting Technologies
Our Website and mobile or web-based applications may use retargeting technologies within the internet. This enables us to show our visitors, who were already interested in our shop and our products, advertisement from us on partner websites.
We also work with other companies who use tracking technologies to serve advertisements on our behalf across the Internet. These companies may collect non-personally identifiable information about your visits to our websites or mobile or web-based applications and your interaction with our communications, including advertising.
Retargeting technologies analyze your cookies and display advertisement based on your past surfing behavior. For further information on cookies, please refer to paragraph 3 of this Policy.
We do not store any personal data about you with this technology.
11. Security & how do we store data?
Security of your personal data is important to us. We will put in place reasonable security arrangements to ensure that your personal data is adequately protected and secured. Appropriate security arrangements will be taken to prevent any unauthorized access, collection, use, disclosure, copying, modification, leakage, loss, damage and/or alteration of your personal data. However, we cannot assume responsibility for any unauthorized use of your personal data by third parties which are wholly attributable to factors beyond our control.
We will put in place measures such that your personal data in our possession or under our control is destroyed and/or anonymized as soon as it is reasonable to assume that (i) the purpose for which that personal data was collected is no longer being served by the retention of such personal data; and (ii) retention is no longer necessary for any other legal or business purposes.
12. Your Rights
If you have any questions about the processing of your personal data or about our Policy, if you do not accept the amended Policy, if you wish to withdraw any consent you have given us at any time, or if you wish to update or have access to your personal data, you are welcome to contact us through the contact details listed at paragraph 13.1.
You have the right to access and/or correct any personal data that we hold about you, subject to exceptions under the law. This right can be exercised at any time by contacting us through the contact URL at paragraph 12.1. We will need enough information from you to ascertain your identity as well as the nature of your request, so as to be able to deal with your request. All requests for correction or for access to your personal data must be in writing. We will attempt to respond to your request within 30 days, and if that is not possible, we will inform you of the time by which we will respond to you.
We may be prevented by law from complying with any request that you may make. We may also decline any request that you may make if the law permits us to do so.
In many circumstances, we need to use your personal data in order for us to provide you with products or services which you require or have requested. If you do not provide us with the required personal data, or if you do not accept an amended Policy or withdraw your consent to our use and/or disclosure of your personal data for these purposes, it may not be possible for us to continue to serve you or provide you with the products and services that you require or have requested.
We may charge you a fee for responding to your request for access to the personal data which we hold about you, or for information about the ways in which we have (or may have) used your personal data. If a fee is to be charged, we will inform you of the amount beforehand and respond to your request after payment is received.
13. Complaints

You may send complaints regarding our handling of personal data in the following ways:

(a) in writing.
Such complaints must:
– be addressed to the 5R Logistics Data Protection Officer at:
(i) Online feedback form.
(ii) Address: No. 15 Fan Yoong Road, Singapore 629792
– provide the name, contact number and address of the person submitting the feedback
– provide the relevant details required such as the relevant time period, our employees or who involved, or copies of relevant documents.
(b) by telephone.
Such complaints must:
– be made to the 5R Logistics Data Protection Officer at:
Telephone: 9456 5710
All complaints will be evaluated by 5R Logistics in a timely manner. After 5R Logistics has completed its evaluation, the 5R Logistics Data Protection Officer (or a duly appointed representative) will respond to the person who submitted the complaint or feedback, with the results of the evaluation.
14. Governing Law
This Policy is prepared pursuant to the PDPA and governed by the laws of Singapore.
15. General
Your consent that is given pursuant to this Privacy Policy is additional to and does not supersede any other consent that you had provided to 5R Logistics with regards to processing of your personal data.
For the avoidance of doubt, in the event that Singapore personal data protection law permits an organisation such as us to collect, use or disclose your personal data without your consent, such permission granted by the law shall continue to apply.
16.Changes to this Privacy Policy
This privacy policy was published and last updated on 12 November 2020.
Any changes we make to this Privacy Policy will be posted on this page.
